Tianyi Cong
Open Source Tools
Prof. Jeffrey Korn 
12/16/2012

				Final Project

    This project is based on the project 4, which is a web-based interface vote system, and add more functions and features.

I designed and coded in following steps:

1. Achieve all the fuctions of project 4: This include construct the frame of this project and rewrite the code of last 
project since I cannot invoke shell scripts from Python. I construct two models, one category model, which store category name
and a list contain items in that category. One result model, use for store category name and a list of result in format 
win/lose as project 4. Instead of showing two categories in the home page directly, I makeit a option "Vote a category", next
 to the option "Edit a category". 

2. Add functions one by one in the option "Edit a cateogry", from which easy to achieve to more complex ones. First are
add new category and delete an existing category, change name of a category, then delete a item in a category, and change name
of a item in a category. During chaning the names, I use the stratagy that make change of the name of list, then delete the 
old model and create the new model. Delete a item in a category also need to delete the corresponding record in the result 
list of result model. Moreover, change item name in a category need to rewrite the result list with the new name of the item.

3. Add import and export category with XMLfunctions. I make the import with a uploaded file, then parse it with xml.minidom. 
Then use the infomation from XML file generate new category or vive versa. Also add links on every pages.

4. Add advanced feature, I choose the search capability to find items and categories that match supplied keywords. At the bottom
of the home page, input some word, then it will shows whether the word is the (part of)name of a category, or (part of) name
of a item in a category.

4. Test every functions and add more details to each class and functions. I believe they are addressed pretty clear.